SOLUTION-1: (my own)
  1. For counting unique characters, we will keep a counter named as 'count' initialised to 1.
  2. Select each character in the string (starting from 2nd character as the first character in the string will be unique always)
     and check all the previous characters starting from first character till one character behind our selector
     (to check the previous characters we'll keep a checker)
     to know if there's any same character present in the string at other position. 
     --> if same character present : select next character
     --> if not : check if the checker has reached just behind the selector
                    --> reached behind : increase our counter by one
                    --> not reached : DO NOTHING

ISSUE WITH ABOVE SOLUTION: If same character is present somewhere behind our selector & our selector
                           was present at this character before, this selected character should not be checked once again
                           because it implies that this character is a unique character and we are performing the check once again.
                           
        A better solution: We should remember all unique characters traversed uptil str[i].length-1 
                           and from this memory we should recall if the selected character in the string 
                           is present in our memory that has stored all unique characters uptil str[i].length-1 
                           And according to me this will be possible with array. Array will act as our memory that stores
                           all unique characters uptil str[i].length-1 
                           

SOLUTION:2 (using array, my own).
   1. We will initialise an an array that will contain the first character of the string i.e. [str[0]]
   2. When selector is at a particular place in the string, we will check if the character which is selected 
      in the string is present inside the array which holds unique characters.
       --> if present : select the next character
       --> if not present: push the selected charcater inside array.
   3. After all the checking has happened, check the array's length to know
      the number of unique characters.
